
This is a data collection and relay project, where accelerometer data is collected from sensor device and delivered to a local computer through a central coordinator node. The devices used are FLEX boards and the software is written and compiled on Elipse IDE with RT-druid plugins and ERIKA enterprise source code integrated and loaded on the boards using MPLAB.



The folder contains two folders, the description of the main functions in the files is given below.

1. central coordinator node code is found in ‘projIeee802154coord’ -> ‘code.c’

 This will be loaded on a single node that will collect the measurement data from remote sensor nodes and feed this data to a workstation for storage or processing. 

	main() function - set clock parameters, initialise basic components and console, initialise IEEE 802.15.4 communication (these initialisation procedures are found in the example demo files for erica enterprise). the rx_data() function is set as the function to be called when data is received through the 802.15.4 channel.

	rx_data() - this function simply activates the received data parsing routine.

	TASK(CHAT_RECIEVE) - parses the received packet and extracts the accelerometer measurement information from the received packet. When completed it activated a routine to reply to the node that sent the data.

	TASK(CHAT_SEND) - simply acknowledges packet reception to the sending sensor device.


2. remote sensing node code is found in ‘projIeee802154dev’ -> ‘code.c’

	main () function - set clock parameters, initialise components(less, lcd, buttons, accelerometer), sets   the rx_data() function as a callback function when dat is received through the 802.15.4 channel and also sets a timer alarm to activate data sending routine.

	rx_data() - this function simply activates the received data parsing routine.

	TASK(CHAT_RECIEVE) - parses the received packet and extracts id numbers acknowledging packets received correctly.

	TASK(CHAT_SEND) - this task is activated periodically to send accelerometer data to the coordinator node using the 802.15.4 channel.